---
title: "Group Policy Settings in Windows 10 Build 10.0.10130"
layout: "post"
date: 2015-06-05T12:25:54Z
slug: "group-policy-settings-in-windows-10-build-10-0-10130"
aliases:
  - "/2015/06/group-policy-settings-in-windows-10-build-10-0-10130/"
description: "Windows 10 build 10.0.10130 brought a couple more new Group Policy settings, here they are: **Location** **Setting** **Description** Computer Configur..."
author: "Alex Verboon"
tags:
  - group-policy
  - windows-10
categories:
  - group-policy
  - windows-10
---
Windows 10 build 10.0.10130 brought a couple more new Group Policy settings, here they are:

              **Location**        **Setting**         **Description**                  Computer Configuration         
Administrative Templates           
Windows Components          
Windows Update        Defer Upgrade                 If you enable this policy setting, in Pro and Enterprise SKUs you can defer upgrades till the next upgrade period (at least a few months).            
      
If you do not have it set you will receive upgrades once they are available that will be installed as part of your update policies. 

          Security updates will not be impacted by this policy. For more information on available upgrades see windows.com/itpro.

                         User Configuration         
Administrative Templates          
Start Menu and Taskbar        Start Layour         
          
In Windows 8.1 this setting was called Start Screen Layour                 Specifies the Start layout for users.

          This setting lets you specify the Start layout for users and prevents them from changing its configuration. The Start layout you specify must be stored in an XML file that was generated by the Export-StartLayout PowerShell cmdlet.           
To use this setting, you must first manually configure a device's Start layout to the desired look and feel. Once you are done, run the Export-StartLayout PowerShell cmdlet on that same device. The cmdlet will generate an XML file representing the layout you configured.

          Once the XML file is generated and moved to the desired file path, type the fully qualified path and name of the XML file. You can type a local path, such as C:\StartLayouts\myLayout.xml or a UNC path, such as \\Server\Share\Layout.xml. If the specified file is not available when the user logs on, the layout won't be changed. Users cannot customize their Start screen while this setting is enabled.

          If you disable this setting or do not configure it, the Start screen layout won't be changed and users will be able to customize it.

                         Computer Configuration & User Configuration         
Administrative Templates          
Windows Components          
Microsoft Passport for Work          
PIN Complexity          
        Use Digits                 Use this policy setting to configure the use of digits in the Microsoft Passport for work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Allow”, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use digits in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Disallow”, Microsoft Passport for Work prevents users from using digits in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Required”, Microsoft Passport for Work requires users to include at least one digit in their work PIN.

          If you disable or do not configure this policy setting, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use digits in their work PIN.

                  

                                  Use lowercase letters                 Use this policy setting to configure the use of lowercase letters in the Microsoft Passport for work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Allow”, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use lowercase letters in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Disallow”, Microsoft Passport for Work prevents users from using lowercase letters in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Required”, Microsoft Passport for Work requires users to include at least one lowercase letter in their work PIN.

          If you disable or do not configure this policy setting, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use lowercase letters in their work PIN.           
                

                                  Maximum PIN length                 Maximum PIN length configures the maximum number of characters allowed for the work PIN.  The largest number you can configure for this policy setting is 127. The lowest number you can configure must be larger than the number configured in the Minimum PIN length policy setting or the number 4, whichever is greater.

          If you configure this policy setting, the work PIN length must be less than or equal to this number.

          If you disable or do not configure this policy setting, the work PIN length must be less than or equal to 127.

          NOTE: If the above specified conditions for the maximum PIN length are not met, default values will be used for both the maximum and minimum PIN lengths.           
        

                                  Minimum PIN length                 Minimum PIN length configures the minimum number of characters required for the work PIN.  The lowest number you can configure for this policy setting is 4.  The largest number you can configure must be less than the number configured in the Maximum PIN length policy setting or the number 127, whichever is the lowest.

          If you configure this policy setting, the work PIN length must be greater than or equal to this number.

          If you disable or do not configure this policy setting, the work PIN length must be greater than or equal to 4.

          NOTE: If the above specified conditions for the minimum PIN length are not met, default values will be used for both the maximum and minimum PIN lengths.           
        

                                  Use special characters                 Use this policy setting to configure the use of special characters in the Microsoft Passport for work PIN gesture.  Valid special characters for Microsoft Passport for work PIN gestures include: ! " # $ % & ' ( ) * + , - . / : ; < = > ? @ [ \ ] ^ _ ` { | } ~ .

          If you configure this policy setting to “Allow”, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use special characters in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Disallow”, Microsoft Passport for Work prevents users from using special characters in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Required”, Microsoft Passport for Work requires users to include at least one special character in their work PIN.

          If you disable or do not configure this policy setting, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use special characters in their work PIN.           
                

                                  Use uppercase letters                 Use this policy setting to configure the use of uppercase letters in the Microsoft Passport for work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Allow” Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use uppercase letters in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Disallow”, Microsoft Passport for Work prevents users from using uppercase letters in their work PIN.

          If you configure this policy setting to “Required”, Microsoft Passport for Work requires users to include at least one uppercase letter in their work PIN.

          If you disable or do configure this policy setting, Microsoft Passport for Work allows users to use uppercase letters in their work PIN.           
                

                         Computer Configuration         
Administrative Templates          
Windows Components          
Data Collection and Preview Builds        Enable User Control over preview builds                 This policy setting determines whether users can access the preview build controls in the Advanced Options for Windows Update. These controls are located under "Choose how preview builds are installed," and enable users to make their devices available for downloading and installing Windows preview software. 

          If you enable or do not configure this policy setting, users can download and install Windows preview software on their devices.

          If you disable this policy setting, the item "Choose how preview builds are installed" will be unavailable.

                                  Allow Telemetry                 This policy setting determines the amount of feedback data reported back to Microsoft. A value of 0, applicable to Enterprise or server devices only, means no telemetry data from OS components is sent to Microsoft. A value of 1 sends only a limited amount of health and performance feedback data. Setting values of 0 and 1 will degrade the experience on the device. A value of 2 sends full health and performance information. A value of 3 sends the same data as a value of 2, plus additional diagnostics data, such as the system state at the time of a hang or crash, and the files and content that may have caused the problem.

          Enable this policy setting if you want the feedback option to be unavailable.

                                  Disable pre-release features or settings                 This policy setting determines the level that Microsoft can experiment with the product to study user preferences or device behavior. A value of 1 permits Microsoft to configure device settings only. A value of 2 allows Microsoft to conduct full experimentations.

          If you disable this policy setting, all experimentations will be turned off.

          If you do not configure this policy setting, user can configure the “Let Microsoft try features on this build” option in Settings.           

                         Computer Configuration         
Administrative Templates          
System          
Logon        Assign a default credential provider                 This policy setting allows the administrator to assign a specified credential provider as the default credential provider.

          If you enable this policy setting, the specified credential provider is selected on other user tile.

          If you disable or do not configure this policy setting, the system picks the default credential provider on other user tile.

          Note: A list of registered credential providers and their GUIDs can be found in the registry at HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Authentication\Credential Providers.

